the VT system is a modular hardware for controlling i o ECU connections for testing purposes
the connections are controlled via CANoe and the tests are scripted in Vector CAnoe
the connections of the ECU sensors or actuators are linked to VT modules
the sensors or actuators of the ECU could be simulated via VT system modules
the ECU's signals are measured and processed and passed to CANoe
the simulated signals can be created by the vT modules
VT modules can generate electrical errors  like short circuit 
the VT system is completelly controlled by CANoe
the VT system is a test system for executing functional tests on automotive ECUs in laboratory.
at least we have two supply voltage in a test syetem
VT system supply voltage : 12V supply voltage needed to run the electronics in the VT syetem modules Vvt
ECU supply voltage Vbatt : this supply voltage powers the ECU under test. ( like the battery in the Car) controlled by the power module VT7001.
we have three ground ; Ground of Vvt , digital ground of Vbat of ECU under test 
and we have Areference ground : AGND analog ground when we have output signal from ECU the measurement is done againt AGND not DGND.
AGND and DGND can also be connected by a relay on the VT8006A and VT8012A


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All modules of the VT System are synchronized with each other using the EtherCAT bus.
The VT System is synchronized with CANoe using EtherCAT, too.
VT7001 and VT7001A can be used for syncronization of HW slaves

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
modules:
VT1004A/VT1104 Load and measurement Module
the VT1004A module is connected to up to 4 outputs of an ECU such as lamps or actuator in real vehicle 
it measure the output voltage of the ECU (RMS values avarage values)
measurment of PWM in ECU output
it contain relay to connect ECU to real actuator
it contains relay to perfrom electrical errors


VT2004 simulation module
VT2004A is connected to up to four inputs of an ECU, 
which are connected in real invehicle operation to sensors like temperature probes or switches.
The VT2004A outputs signals to the ECU to simulate sensors and thus to stimulate the ECU.
it contain relay to connect ECU input to real sensor
it contains relay to perfrom electrical errors
it perform sensor simulation 

VT2516A digital module
VT2516A is connected to up to 16 mainly digitally used inputs and outputs of an ECU. 
Measurement of the digital ECU output signal and the ECU output voltage
Simulation of the actuator load by an externally mounted load 
Sensor simulation by output of a digital or PWM signal with defined high/low level
Sensor simulation by switching the ECU line to ECU ground or Vbatt
Relays to connect the ECU input or output to the original sensor or actuator
Relays to generate electrical errors 


VT2710 Serial Interface Module 
VT2710 provides a set of interfaces which are required for testing serial communication channels of ECUs or sensors. 
The module can be used either to simulate the sensor or the ECU behavior on a serial bus channel.
Like hall sensor.

VT2820 relay module
The VT2820 provides 20 relay channels.
These can be used for example to switch various signal paths in a test system, to realize a switch matrix, or to generate errors like short-circuits.








 
